== README

* Steps to configure

1. ruby version used is ruby 2.1.5p273
2. gem install rails -v 4.2.0
3. create a mysql database with name facebook. set username & password in database.yml in it.
4. bundle exec rake db:migrate
5. start rails server like for webrick bundle exec rails s

* External libraries used

1. Jquery
2. Bootstrap
3. fontawsome
4. will-paginate for pagination

* Workflow

1. Go To Home page & do signup
2. For already having account, do Login> (link on header)
3. You can go to Account> Setting> to change account details
4. You can go to Account> Logout> to signout
5. You can go to Users> to see all registered users
6. You can click on any user to see his posts with comments & likes.
7. You can go to Home> to come back to home & see news feed (status with comments & likes from all users)
8. You can go to Account> Profile> to see self posts with comments & likes.
9. You can compose a new post from home or profile page which will be added in newsfeed.
10. In the newsfeed you can do a number of actions
  a) Like anyone's post
  b) Unkile the already liked post by you
  c) Comment on any post
  d) Delete any comment on post done by you
    (which will delete all comments & likes associated with it)
  e) Like anyone's comment
  f) Unlike the already liked comment by you
  g) Comment on any comment (of any level)
  h) Delete any comment on comment done by you
    (which will delete all comments & likes associated with it)
  i) Delete a post done by you 
    (which will delete all comments & likes associated with it)
11. There is a per page post limit which is now set as 3. To see previous newsfeed, you have to go to previous pages.
12. Newsfeed will be updated after a fixed time interval(This time 15 seconds). This will update the post list with its likes & comments.
13. Respective Backend validations are added in each post request.